---
title: Long time…
author: felipe
type: post
date: 2009-06-16T00:17:23+00:00
url: /long-time/
categories:
  - Australia

---
I has been nearly 6 1/2 months since I left Canada, and arrived half-way around the world in Brisbane, Australia. it has been several months that I have not posted something that wasn&#8217;t computer or humour related&#8230; not that there&#8217;s anything wrong with that.
  
I&#8217;m fine.
  
There, does that satisfy? of course not =)
  
I&#8217;m cramming for exams, two down, two more to go. Security and Cryptology exams went well, IMO, but only time can tell for sure what the true results are. Next up is Computer forensics. My prof is keeping tight-lipped about this one. &#8220;The exam will be based on subject matter from all the lecture material. Review of the tutorial materials is also recommended.&#8221; That&#8217;s a nice way of saying, &#8220;Please memorise everything that we have ever discussed in class, as well as everything in tutorial.&#8221; He has also asked us to be aware of the material submitted for both of our assignments. This makes it quite difficult for me to narrow down my focus. I can&#8217;t be sure what is relevant, and what isn&#8217;t; or what will be tested on and what won&#8217;t; what i should study and what i should ignore. Welcome to university.
  
Haven&#8217;t make too many new friends. People just don&#8217;t seem to want to get a hold of me, despite me trying to get in touch with them, go out to eat, come over for a poker game, come over to watch some movies or TV, drink a beer. I must admit, however, that I have been doing less of that since exams start. They finish on June 23rd, so maybe then we can get back into the swing of things.