---
title: A discussion about password storage security
author: felipe
type: post
date: -001-11-30T00:00:00+00:00
draft: true
url: /?p=740
categories:
  - Ideas
  - security

---
\[size=5\]\[b\]This reply comes in two parts, because it was too long to post in just one

PART 1\[/b\]\[/size\]

[QUOTE=Riverside;36465]The fact is, like it or not, somebody,  somewhere, including you, and quite often somebody else in the chain of informational exchange, HAS to be able to READ your password.[/quote]
  
If you&#8217;ve studied information security, you&#8217;ll know that is not true. It is never important for anyone (but the owner) to know the password. If the passwords are handled securely, they will be hashed. Upon authenticating, the stored hash will be compared to the hash supplied at login. If they match, it is assumed the password entered is the correct password.

\[quote]But just because HM support is able to call up your password in readable text format, DOESN&#8217;T MEAN IT&#8217;S BEING [I\]\[U\]STORED\[/U\]\[/I\] AS TEXT.[/quote]
  
Maybe it is not being stored as text, but, it isn&#8217;t being stored securely.

[quote]All it means is that THEY have the ability to decrypt the hashed stored password and see it themselves.[/quote]
  
Hashes cannot be [b]decrypted[/b] because they are not [b]encrypted[/b]. Hashing is not encrypting. Good hash algorithms are non-reversible. It is infeasible to try, and really the only way of getting close is by finding collisions (mainly brute force).

[quote]Even if the passwords are NEVER stored in plain text (which is far more likely the truth), it is still (understandably) a concern that any HM support rep can open and read them, since this does mean at some point in time, they are all converted to plain readable text.[/quote]
  
This should be of major concern to a company the size of HM, with the millions of customers that they have. They&#8217;ve recently increased the security of their site, by requiring more security passwords, and enforcing HTTPS (in 2009, or 2010, a little late fellas 😉 but commendable nevertheless)

\[quote]BUT, the fact is, whether we like it or not, passwords, at some point or other, MUST be read by human eyes if they are ever forgotten. If this is not possible, [I]it would be IMpossible to EVER retrieve a lost password![/I\]\[/quote\]If you&#8217;ve read about information security, you&#8217;ll know this is not true. When a user forgets her password, it should never be reversable, and should never be recoverable. Additional authentication information should be employed, such as &#8220;what was the name of your first pet?&#8221; etc. After passing a few tests in succession, it can be assumed the use is indeed who she claims to be, and a \[i\]\[b\]new\[/b\]\[/i\] will be created for her (or she makes a new one herself). In this way, her old password, which she may have been using on more than one website, is not compromised at all, and no one will ever know what it is. This way is much safer and more secure.

[quote]The key to keeping passwords secure is to limit the number of people with access to the ability to view the passwords, AND limit the amount of time the password exists in plain text format either in memory on the HM server, while you are speaking to support, or on your own computer, while either setting up passwords (such as in Cpanel with the password generator ~ where they are obviously readable, or while you have your browser password manager open to view them). [/quote]. No. The key to keeping passwords secure is hash them with a strong hash that is not reversible, and ask the user for other authentication information when speaking with support staff. (GPG/PGP may well serve a good purpose here.) Furthermore, I&#8217;d like to say that, e-mail is terrible insecure, just as well all know FTP is insecure. All information sent via FTP or SMTP is usually unencrypted, and can be viewed quite easily. If HM support asks a client for the last four chars of her password, this information can be seen by a clever attacker, and very easily (i&#8217;ve done it myself on more than one occasion, for educational purposes only). Now, anyone can impersonate me quite easy, now having the last 4 characters of my password in their possession. Which makes the other 17 characters that constitute my full password void.
  
\[SIZE=&#8221;5&#8243;\]\[B\]\[I]Continues on the next post below.[/I\]\[/B\][/SIZE]